Added pre_cmd support for Aldec Riviera-Pro. (#5181)
cocotb/cocotb: docs/source/newsfragments/5181.feature.rst

> Implemented pre_cmd support for Aldec Riviera-Pro. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add support for ``pre_cmd`` argument to :meth:`.Runner.test` for Aldec Riviera-Pro. 
```
